Some notes taken which entail a list of todos

1 If two times a proposal accepted: The student has the final say: if he chooses one, the acceptance of one of the proposals as 
a project, automatically rejects the other proposals and the stakeholders are informed

2. Show the nr of active proposals being added per project
3. NO ranking of proposals: just acceptable and absolutely rejected 
4. Submit is visible only if supervisor has approved
5. Soc admin has overview of duplicates
6. Strip the CV from the proposal
7. No document uploading: we offer html boxes and if wanted using iframes and images loading from other websites, 
can be inserted into the document
8. An orgadmin can move project from mentor1 to mentor2
9 Modal window or not, choose a way. Now both are used which causes the user to move from one to the other
10. Supervisors can select favourite project ideas for which they think they are the right supervisor to choose or which fit
their target group
11 A student can select a supervisor in a dropdown box per proposal. There will be one responsible supervisor per student
12. A group is not attached to a teacher. An institute admin can own a group and organise the cohort of students in that way
So a group of students is not linked to a supervisor.
13 Org admins and inst admins are just a plus sort of mentor, supervisor resp.
14. A mentor can choose which proposals he is definitely not going to accept, so that students receive an early notice of that
we can not force mentors to do so, but encourage them to (to help the students find an alternative project when there is still time 
enough.
15 The mentor can see with the list of proposals the nr of other acceptable project proposals per student. What did we say about
project preferences of students? Would they rank it? How to prevent that a student with 3 accepted proposals gets rejected for all 
three of them for mercy reasons with the other students?

The requirements as written by Juan are in https://docs.google.com/a/raycom.com/document/d/16rFYZLAMrfCwBB--rw6pK08EZpRP_hIeD4SO2Ziwluc/edit#

