Some notes taken which entail a list of todos

1 If two proposals are accepted, the student has the final say. 
	- If he chooses one of the proposals as a project, then the system automatically 
		rejects the other proposals and the stakeholders are informed.

2. Show the number of active proposals being added per project idea - 
	- (Is this just for mentor or other users?)

3. NO ranking of proposals: 
	just acceptable and absolutely rejected?
		- Some are accepted first time
		- Some are rejected first time
		- Some are pending and are going through revision with both
			mentor and supervisor help. (feedback)

4. Submit is visible only if supervisor has approved 
	(Is this submit - the final accepted project proposal?)

5. Soc admin has overview of duplicates
	(or overall admin. Still not sure we need the Soc admin.)

6. Strip the CV from the proposal

7. No document uploading: 
	- we offer html boxes and if wanted using iframes and images loading from other websites, 
		can be inserted into the document.  (For example Scotts demo proposal from GSOC contained urls to images etc)

8. An orgadmin can move project from mentor1 to mentor2
	- Yes, we will have to do this in the final period of student signup (18. below)

9 Modal window or not, choose a way. Now both are used which causes the user to move from one to the other

10. Supervisors can select favourite project ideas for which they think they are the right supervisor to choose or which fit
		their target group 
		- (ALSO unmatched supervisors at the end of the proposal/matching period (18. below) 
			may be asked to supervise a student who does not yet have a supervisor)

11 A student can select a supervisor in a dropdown box per proposal. There will be one responsible supervisor per student

12. A group is not attached to a teacher. An institute admin can own a group and organise the cohort of students in that way
So a group of students is not linked to a supervisor.

13 Org admins and inst admins are just a plus sort of mentor, supervisor resp.

14. A mentor can choose which proposals he is definitely not going to accept.
	- This is so that students receive an early notice of rejection
	- We can not force mentors to do so, but we encourage them to act promptly
	- This is to help the student find an alternative project when there is still time 

15 The mentor can see in the list of proposals, the number of other acceptable project proposals per student. 
	What did we say about project preferences of students? 
	Would they rank it? - No ranking as I recall 
	How to prevent that a student with 3 accepted proposals gets rejected for all 
	three of them for mercy reasons with the other students?
		- Not sure other than the student and mentor are URGED to either accept
			or reject as soon as possible, giving the student the chance to apply for another. 
			Obviously we would hope that the mentor would try to guide the student to amend his/her 
			proposal rather than simply reject it if, the mentor can see that the student has no other proposals
			(Worst case scenario is that the student falls through the gap and has to go through 18. below) 
	
16. Make Project form simpler: perhaps 2 or 3 fields and a rest field

The requirements as written by Juan are in https://docs.google.com/a/raycom.com/document/d/16rFYZLAMrfCwBB--rw6pK08EZpRP_hIeD4SO2Ziwluc/edit#

Additional - notes taken from Paul in Cyprus
------------
17. Late project submissions by mentors
	- Scotts idea here was to allow mentors to create/add additional project ideas after the Org applications have closed.
	- The difference here is that the new projects are hidden by default 
	- Proposals now need a date i.e. before or after the org app closes
	- There is a new timeline event half way through the student application period where additional project ideas are announced/ become visible.
		(Oct 24th in Scotts timeline.)
		
18. Deduplication and decision period (week ending Nov 28th)
		How to match students, mentors, supervisors which have failed to make a 3 way connection by this time
		- What exactly?: (ensure that no one falls through the gaps) 
			Duplicate proposals not resolved,
			Students have project but no supervisor assigned
			Reassign one student with second chance project (student must have already written a proposal though)
			 
		- How - some sort of skype/irc or whatever where the stakeholders discuss and resolve any outstanding issues.

Additional -notes taken by Edwin in Udine (Marked * is something we will surely try to do)
19. * Shift the date to the first of April
20. * Make a filter so that supervisors can make a preselection
21. Make it possible to download/summarize all the descriptions of interesting projects
22. Make an overview of the current numbers visible for the SOC
23. * Keep statistics about login, proposals by institute
24. * Make a direct url per project possible so that supervisor can direct a student to that
25. Search facility to search for Projects